hello YouTube crap the news here and
today we have popin cookin ramen and
dumplings mr. back we have the
instructions right here we have the
nutrition facts alright let's get
started okay all right turn orange
packet brown packet sprinkles this
plastic bag which going to put the thing
in to make the noodles fork add some
taste for these bubbling click them to
cut it okay like that first of all we're
going to make the dumplings race right
after we take the paste we have to make
it into a circular form as shown here
and then we're going to put the
sprinkles into the middle and then we're
going to fold we're going to crush it up
so just going to look a dumpling
add some sprinkles in the middle
unfold it press it up fulmen half yes
press it and we're making it too
alright once you're done with that we're
going to do the other one as we were
finishing off on this side making it
dumpling we're going to go ahead and
make the soup for the noodles what are
you gonna do here is going to feel
you're going to fill this plastic cup up
to that um that line right thick as you
can see Helen okay now you can add the
brown packet
I'm going to mix it until it is very
consistent
right now we're done with the dumplings
and we're done with the soup base let's
go ahead and make the noodles we're
gonna add 1 cup of water into bull play
beat and we're going to add the orange
packet into it I'm going to mix it until
has not a nice consistency
I'm going to go ahead and mix that up
real well
alright once we're done mixing it has a
nice consistency as shown here we're
going to go ahead get the bag I want to
poke a hole through the corner of it
okay we already did that by show you go
so you pull it through the corner right
on the edge once we're done with that
run ahead and put the yellow substance
into the bag once we're done putting the
white yellow substance into the bag
where you're going to squeeze it into
the soup base in a circular motion sure
here
after we finish putting the leftover
sprinkles on top of the ramen we are
going to let our little baby taste test
it try it out first whether to try some
of the ramen
go take a bite
Miley Miley how does it taste oh yeah is
it good is it good yes or no ya know
okay yeah I guess it's not good next
we're going to taste the dumpling ever
taste us to do that as well so the
noodles are in good no it tastes bad
okay okay gonna eat some of the dumpling
with the sprinkles on it miley is it
good hmm this one is good so the noodles
are not good okay thank you
you